The whitening products on the market
are divided into two categories.
One is a single-point attack.
For example, because I inhibited the production
, we can whiten the skin.
Because I inhibited the transport
, we can whiten
the skin . The other is an indiscriminate attack.
I have matched all the ingredients in all the steps
, but the amount of each one is insufficient.
So, for these two types of whitening products,
if the step targeted by the
former
does not match your skin type,
you will not get white after using it.
And for the latter, no matter
how you use it, the effect
is unsatisfactory.
So, before I introduce our product selection to you, there
is another very important point
, that is, we need to first determine
what our skin type is.
Because even if the ingredients are used correctly,
but the skin type is not matched,
the product is still useless
and may cause allergies
. So
how do we define skin types?
There are some statistical definitions of this in academia
, but we can't spend 100,000 yuan
to bring a detector home
to identify skin type
, so here
I will teach you a relatively simple
method to identify skin type.
The method is as follows:
First, prepare a piece of oil-absorbing paper.
Then, wash your face
. After washing it, do not use any skin care procedures
or products.
Sit quietly
in a constant temperature place
in the room for one to two hours
. After one to two hours,
use this oil-absorbing paper to absorb the oil on your face.
If there is oil everywhere you touch,
you have oily skin.
If there is no oil anywhere,
you have dry skin.
If there is oil in your T-zone
and no oil on your cheeks
, but your cheeks don't feel tight,
you have combination skin.
If there is oil in your T-zone
but your cheeks feel tight and uncomfortable,
you have combination skin. For dry skin,
we can roughly divide skin into these
four types.
The four skin types we just mentioned
are combined with the four darkening constitutions mentioned at the beginning.
Pulling the table horizontally and vertically
will form a 16-square grid
, which is our 16-type whitening method.
As long as you find your own skin type
and what your darkening constitution is,
you will find a whitening method that suits you.
OK, now we enter the most practical part
, which is how to choose products
. Let's explain them one by one according to the darkening type.
The first type is the tanning type .
I just said that
the tanning type has two ingredients that are particularly suitable,
one is niacinamide
and the other is EGCG.
Here,
I must talk about
the additional properties of the ingredient itself.
In addition to its whitening
and anti-sugar properties,
niacinamide also has an attribute of oil control.
That is to say,
if you If you have extremely dry skin,
try not to use niacinamide
because it will make your skin drier
and the barrier function worse.
As for niacinamide products,
the more classic
ones are Olay's Whitening Spot Treatment
and Anti-Sugar Treatment.
They both contain 5%
niacinamide.
This concentration is also
a product that
Procter & Gamble has proven
through years of research to be both effective and gentle
. There are also many essence products under the L'Oreal Group,
such as L'Oreal's Photon Bottle
Whitening Bottle. The essences mentioned above
are recommended for combination skin and combination skin
because they have good moisturizing properties.
If you have oily skin
, you can choose a product with
a higher and stronger niacinamide content,
such as
La Roche-Posay's recently released Mala The B3 essence
has a 10% content
and it also contains
Mala, the latest patented whitening ingredient
of the L'Oreal Group
. In addition, Paula's Choice also has a 10% B3 essence.
Although there are also niacinamide essences with higher content
of 20% and 30%
, I don't recommend
it to Asians
because it is a bit irritating.
If you can't use any of the above and
you have very dry skin,
then you can only choose EGCG essence
. Because the EGCG ingredient is too expensive
, there are very few products with add-on purchases on the market.
The one I recommend
is Topix. Replenix's green tea series
includes a CF essence that contains EGCG
, and the content and comprehensive formula are good in all aspects.
Type 2: Dull skin type.
As
we just mentioned in the introduction, we
should choose products with ingredients targeting antioxidant,
anti-carbonylation
, anti-glycation, and anti-blue light.
The more typical ones are the VC family,
especially the VC essence.
For East Asians, if we use VC essence,
I recommend a concentration between 10% and 15%.
I do not recommend using a concentration above 20%
. Although there are such products
, this will greatly increase
the risk of yellowing the stratum corneum.
VC stock essences perform well in all aspects
within this concentration range,
including VC from Cineraria,
VC from Obagi, VC
from Oma, VC from
SkinCeuticals, CEF
, and VC from Kelanli, etc.
The ones I just mentioned are all
very classic prototype VC products.
In fact, last year I
did a
large-scale cross-sectional test on the transdermal absorption rate
of these five prototype VC products. I will post the original data
later.
I will share the absorption curve chart
in my member forum.
Friends who are interested
are welcome to join my
member channel . Among
the 5 prototype VC essences I just mentioned, the ones from
SkinCeuticals
and Coranle have a very refreshing feel
and are suitable for oily and combination
skin. The ones from Obagi and Ouma have a more moisturizing feel
, so they are suitable for combination and dry skin.
In addition to the original VC essence,
there are also some good choices of VC derivatives
, such as Rohto's CC
, which is a combination of VC original and VCIP, which
is more suitable for combination and dry skin
, or Kiehl's Aqua , which is
a VC derivative essence
based on VC ethyl ether.
It has a refreshing feel and
is more suitable for combination and oily skin.
In addition,
there are some good VC family essences
, such as Dermazen's 20% VCIP essence
,
Hydropeptide's diverse antioxidant essence
, and Vichy's VC essence.
If you choose VC,
there are also some relatively niche
but very useful products for
antioxidant and anti-carbonylation
, such as the Ordinary's EUK134 essence
is a single ingredient barrel.
When used as a base, it
not only provides antioxidant protection for the skin
but also prolongs the life of sunscreen.
In addition,
the compound essence of ferulic acid and resveratrol, which
I mentioned many times
when introducing the Ordinary product line,
is also a very good antioxidant and
anti-carbonylation product.
But these two products...
If you have slightly oily
skin, you can skip
the anti-sugar and anti-blue light products.
You can choose the ordinary series
Multi-peptide essence
, which contains carnosine.
In addition,
there are many products in
the L'Oreal Truffle series
and Albion's Infinesse series
that contain
anti-sugar ingredients such as
carnosine . The ordinary Multi-peptide
is ok for oily skin, but
the other two are only recommended for combination and dry skin.
Don't worry if you can't remember the products.
There is a summary picture at the end of the video.
Type three, red and black type. For this type of type, choosing products
is
also simple.
Just choose around its favorite tranexamic acid.
For example, Paula's Choice has a 3% tranexamic acid essence
and Michell has a 10% tranexamic acid essence.
In addition,
there are some very good
tranexamic acid products on the market
, but they are very picky about skin type.
For example, SkinCeuticals Brightening
contains niacinamide
, so it is not recommended for dry skin.
In addition,
Murad's brightening essence contains alcohol
, and the two tranexamic acid essences
from Alra and Vichy both
contain acid.
So although these products have comprehensive formulas
, I don't recommend them for dry and sensitive skin.
If you have dry and sensitive skin,
then I have another option
. Although the content is not very high
, the formula is very gentle
and relatively Comprehensive Japanese products
, such as Shiseido's Sakura bottle
and HAKU's whitening essence,
are all formulated with tranexamic acid and 4MSK
.
If you can buy products from mainland China,
there is a
5% tranexamic acid essence from Uphis that is specifically designed for anti-darkening after medical beauty projects. It is
also very useful.
One thing you need to pay special attention to
is that if your red and black type
is mainly acne scars,
especially
those who only have red acne scars but no black acne scars,
you may not be suitable for choosing
the products I just mentioned.
Instead,
there is a small ointment
called polysulfonated mucopolysaccharide,
which is suitable for people with simple red acne scars.
Type 4, yellow gas type, as
we just said
, this type
needs to focus on steps 3, 5, and 9,
that is, collagen denaturation,
melanin production, and melanin metabolism.
When choosing
a product,
there is actually a relatively simple method
, which is to find the ingredients of the resorcinol family as the core
and then choose a relatively comprehensive formula.
The main ingredients of this family
include 377, 577,
up302 , and 630
itself only takes care of step 5
, which is the production of melanin,
so we have to choose a comprehensive formula centered on it
to take care of steps 3 and 9.
Typical products
include Eucerin's Magnesium Egg and Eucerin Photoinitiator
, Nivea's 630 Dual-Action Bottle,
as well as Dermalogica's Spot-Lightening Essence, Clinique's
Laser Bottle,
Dr. Ci:Labo's 377 Whitening Essence, etc.
However, although these products are good
, you need to be a little careful,
that is, the resorcinol family is
more or less irritating,
so here,
except for the Clinique Laser Bottle based on up302,
which is milder,
the rest of the products,
if you have sensitive skin or are allergic recently,
don't use
the products mentioned above.
If you have combination skin or combination skin,
you can use them.
If you have very dry skin,
we don't use Dr. Ci:Labo and Dermalogica.
If you have very oily skin,
we don't use Eucerin's Photoinitiator and Magnesium Egg.
Today's content is a lot, and
the video is also very long.
First of all, I I want to thank everyone for reading this.
Another point
is that what I just said
involves principles
and data, and it has literature references.
I will list it at the end of the video.
Friends who are interested can take a look.
In addition, this
issue also talked about a large number of products and how to choose corresponding skin types
, etc. There is so much information
. In order to facilitate everyone's reference,
there is also a summary chart at the end of the video.
Finally, let me say a few words to everyone.
Making videos
is not an easy thing for me
, but I will still work hard to
prepare the content
and then summarize it and present it to everyone.
I hope it can really help everyone.
In addition,
I will also share some product evaluation data
and some targeted recommendations
in my member forum from time to time.
If you are interested
in an in-depth understanding of various skin care products,
please join my membership channel.
If you think my video is good
or you think my content really helps you,
please like and subscribe
.
Finally, I wish everyone has a healthy skin.